I got one more thing to show you here.
This is gonna be specific to VS code for
just a second.
I have a extension here installed
called the Vtest extension.
This is heavily inspired by the Just one,
which you can see I also
have installed here.
I used to work with Orders
on the VS code team.
Now what does Order work on now?
I don't know,
I think Order has left Microsoft.
But Vtest is largely, they took everything
that's great about the Just extension and
they just ported it to Vtest.
In order to make this work the way
that we want it to, you'd have to go
into your package.json and
change this from test to be test watch.
Cuz, right, it's a watcher whenever
I run test, oops, npm run test.
It likes, one more time,
here we go, npm run test.
I got rid of it, testwatch.
Notice that it's sitting here, right?
It's actually not exiting.
In order to get the extension to
work correctly you have to get
it to just run once and
I can't remember how you do that, npm or
mpx vtest -- help,
how to get it to run once?
I think it's just run, okay, there you go.
So what you want here
is you want your test.
So in test to be the vtest -- run,
like that.
And now I think if I say npm test,
it should just run once and
exit which is cool, it does that.
Now I can go here into my testing here,
you can see this little
beaker on the left.
And I think I can just click
run all my tests in there.
I can see all of my tests running here.
I can click on this,
show me in the file where this is?
If we go to something like
pet which has several tests,
you can see it individually here and
here, the check marks.
I can run them directly
again from the browser.
Let's say I'm messing with something and
I'm here in carousel, and
all of a sudden I change this
to be active or something else.
I can run my test directly again and
I can see here
this is breaking and
I can go directly to that.
It can say, hey,
I expected this to be this, so
it's actually gonna inline all
of my feedback directly there.
I can see which assertion is breaking,
and then I can go back and
fix that, run my tests again.
I don't have the debugger set up, but
you can actually run that directly into
bugging, so you can debug your tests,
maybe it'll work, no, I don't think so.
Yeah, I have to go set up all
the VS code stuff to get that run,
I'm not gonna do that right now.
But if you have all of your debugging
stuff set up for VS code you can actually
run it directly in the debugger and
see piece by piece what's happening.
So, the key there to getting
that working correctly is making
sure that you have your NPM run
test runs just once, right?
So that's why I have to move the watch or
Vtest to the just the watch and
then test is just run once.
So if you're working in Vtest I strongly
suggest that you download this extension.
By the same token, if you're working
in Jest I suggest you run or
you install this one as well.
Okay.
Any questions about that?
We only have seven tests, so
this is really not that many.
But I'm sure some of you have worked
on code bases with hundreds of tests,
this can be very nice.
It's nice that you can run
them individually, right?
I can come in here and
I can actually say, hey,
please only run this specific test and
do not run the other ones.
It's nice so that you don't have to wait
minutes for your entire test suite to run.
I guess that's another nice thing
about vtest and Jest in general.
If I go break results and
then I go back and run test again,
it's actually going to go run
the breaking test first, right?
So it's actually smart enough to
show you only the breaking tests and
not rerun everything every single time.
So, there's a bunch of features like that,
that it does under the hood for you.
Again, inspired by Jest.
Jest is really the one that came up with
a lot of those just developer niceties,
and then everyone's kind of
been copying it ever since.